Smiansh.com makes sure that the privacy of all its registered users is secured. Whatever information gathered to identify the user to get its personal information and location is stored under the following security guidelines. The Privacy Policy of this website will be updated from time to time and hence please read this page in order to keep you updated with the changes. 

What information collected?
We collect your name, e-mail address and IP-address when you post comments. When using article demo you might be prompted to login to Third Party sites such as Facebook, Google, Twitter or Linkedin. This is solely used for display purpose during the demo and the site does not store any information submitted. 

Why do we collect this information?
1. Your name and e-mail address are used to notify you when the support/sales teams replies to your comment through e-mails. 
2. Your IP-address may be used to determine your location such as your city and country as this helps us serve you better. 
3. We do not sell, lease or distribute your personal information to any other company or organization unless it is permitted by you and/or it is required by the government agencies. 

Content
Smiansh.com is a privately owned company website. You may choose to use the information displayed on this website at your own risk and neither Smiansh.com nor its users are not responsible if it stands inorrect. 

Google Analytics
This site uses Gogole Analytics for tracking the website traffic. 
This information may include various information, not necessarily limited to information like user's browser, device and location. 
Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information form user's browser for doing this. All the collected data is stored on Google's servers. 
Google Analytics Privacy Policy 

Advertisements
Various Ad Networs display advertisements on this website. 
We use Google Adsense and Developer Media Ad Network for this. 
All Ad Networks use cookies to collect information from users browser for showing targeted advertisements. 
They may also share this information with third parties. 

Privacy Policies: 
Developer Media 
Google Adsense 

Contact
If you have any objections regarding the website content, its external links, users or your information privacy, please don’t hesitate to contact us at contact@smiansh.com.